Ah!
Xie Gang
I advise you not to work for the Sakura Organization
I don't know how I died
How do you know about the Sakura Organization?
It seems they don't trust you.
What do you mean?
In your eyes, there is only profit
It is the Sakura Organization that always has conflicts between you and me
Do you think they want to borrow my hand to kill you?
Gang Ye is not good
Over there in the warehouse
What happened to the warehouse?
I'll pack it up when I come back, you guys come with me
Are you?
Zhang Jiajia and Zhao Yang are still at the camp
We have to go back
The boss sacrificed so many brothers
Let's not go
Let's run away
You know
How did so many brothers die in vain?